<!--
In the first reading, I will go from the start to the end summarizing the language-specific features, and generalizing the overall model and concepts regarding the server, which I will memorize using mnemonics. Next, I will make review problems using the examples in the book to evaluate my understanding. If needed, I will read again some particular parts of the book, not the entire book. Then I will solve the review problems to check my mental model.
-->

# Concrete Goals and Evaluation Criteria
<!-- 
1. Make it fun.
2. Make it specific, measurable, provable.
3. Make it last.
-->
The main goals of today are to prove the achievements of the goals below.
- [x] 1. Abstract how file upload/download is done in web servers with what I read in the book. Search for how other languages do it to verify my abstraction.
- [x] 2. Explain how login/logout, remember id, no pop-up for one day, and stay logged-in work with cookies and sessions. But in principle. Ask why for every explanation.
- [ ] 3. Abstract MVC online forum example code and make according mental images. Crosscheck with my notes I wrote yesterday.

## 1. How File Upload Is Done
I started with writing what I already knew, which was that html tags are used to upload files. To be specific, `<input type="file">` and `<form enctype="multipart/form-data">`. So I assumed that HTTP must be related. After some online search, I got the answer that file is included in the HTTP request body. But some said that file is encoded in binary whereas some said that it is encoded in string. To find out, I made this simple html page with an input tag and a submit button.
```<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
   <head>
   </head>
   <body>
      <form enctype="multipart/form-data" method="post" action="http://nothing.org">
         <input type="file" name="uploaded_file">
         <button>submit</button>
      </form>
   </body>
</html>
```
Unfortunately random url didn't process my request and I couldn't see the request at Chrome developer tool. So I set up a simple local server with Node.js like below.
```
var http = require('http');
var url = require('url');

var app = http.createServer(function (request, response) {
   var _url = request.url;
   if(_url === '/') {
      response.writeHead(200);
      response.end(home);
   }
   else {
      console.log(request.body);
   }
});
app.listen(3000);

var home = `
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
   <head>
   </head>
   <body>
      <form enctype="multipart/form-data" method="post" action="/upload">
         <input type="file" name="uploaded_file">
         <button>submit</button>
      </form>
   </body>
</html>
`;
```
And I attached an image file and sent the request but still couldn't see the body with Chrome. So I used wireshark to capture the packet and confirmed that binary values of the file that I could observe with Notepad++ hex editor plugin were in the request body. I tried with a text file as well, and it showed that binary values are sent. So basically, values are directly delivered. However, it seems to have a security problem so I guess there are better ways.  
Still, I'm not sure what protocols are better for certain use cases, what are used in real web sites, and how to handle big files efficiently for now. But that's quite enough for now.

## 2. Session/Cookie Related Features
### 1. Don't Show Pop-up for One Day
This reminded me of [my dormitory website](https://www.nhschool.co.kr/ko/index). It has a pop-up about having breakfast at the moment(2024-08-29). Looking at the source with the Chrome developer tool, I could find that it sets cookie named "nhdormTODAY_POP39" to "done" and expiration date to tomorrow with JS function. So I changed the expiration date to December 30th and pop-up didn't show anymore. So basically, it works like an external variable I guess.
### 2. Login & Logout
First I asked some questions including: How can server know when the user has logged in? How would server function differently according to that? And I thought login/logout as a mere state in the server. And I searched Internet for authentication mechanisms. Conceptually usually two things are needed: One is user authentication, the other is remembering the state. The first is about how to encrypt/decrypt data mostly so that was not my major concern this time. The second is categorized into cookie-based and token-based approach. Cookie-based was close to what I read before. Authenticate, make a session, and return the session ID as a cookie. Whereas token-based approach issue a token that cannot be forged and contain all the ID information. Both approach require the cookie or token to be secure. So I can see login as sending my ID over and over to the server, whether it is a token or a cookie. First question is resolved: Client sends according information(cookie or token) every time. Second remains unsolved but for now it's hard to think of how to figure that out. Also, I'd like to check how various sites actually use these approaches in the future.
### 3. Staying Logged-In
Thinking of 2 above, I assumed that log out is an additional work and if it's not done by cookie/session expiration or token invalidation, log in status would last. Though I'm not sure how to prove this without looking at the servers' source at the moment.
### 4. Remember My ID
I recalled that my university mail has this feature. I tried it in incognito mode of Chrome to initialize cookies and local storage. Before logging in, I noticed that url had id parameter. However, it didn't seem to matter since it seemed to use ajax based on the observation that password remained as well and HTTP response was returned after the attempt. After logging in and logging out, I could see the cookies were set to seemingly random value. I have to look to the source carefully to figure it out. Anyway the basic concept is same: Setting cookies.
<!--
### 1. The approaches/strategies I used to achieve the goals and why
### 2. The proof that I reached the goal
### 3. If not, what I did to make amends + re-evaluation till I do.
-->
