<!-- 
For syntax, I'll organize it in a way that accords with actual need in a text file. 
For the others, I will find the root problem and solving ideas of each concept and try to formalize the ideas into the concepts. 
I'll try to explain before reading if I have already heard about it. If all I explained is contained in the way I imagined, I will skip that topic. 
If not, I will make a thought process that can naturally induce the information and memorize the process with mnemonic techniques.
-->

# Concrete Goals and Evaluation Criteria
<!-- 
1. Make it fun.
2. Make it specific, measurable, provable.
3. Make it last.
-->
1. Check what I know already are correct, which is same as yesterday. The target chapters are from 6(Class and Object) to 12(Abstract Class and Interface), excluding 8(package and import) as I don't know it well.
### 1. Explain the chapters 6-12(\8) using the table of contents.
I can't think of a quantative way to evaluate the explanations for now. So I chose these criteria instead:
1. Present fundamental question(s) that could lead to explaining the entire subsection(e.g. 5.1) or subsubsection(e.g. 5.1.1).
2. If there are things in the book that I didn't mention, explain why it is not necessary or come up with a new retrieval strategy that contains them.

# Archiving Template
<!-- The main points are not to cheat myself that I understood when I actually didn't, and review my thought process. So try to include at least these: -->
### 1. The approaches/strategies I used and why
Ch6-7 Class and Objects, Components of Class: Focused on the relationship between class and object. Most of the information pretty naturally came up to me with it. I could come up with others with table of contents.
Ch9, 11 Modifiers: As I knew pretty much about it, I just recalled most of them instantly.
Ch12 Abstract Class and Interface: I started with what I recently read in the OOP books. Probably not really a good approach.
### 2. The proof that I reached the goal
*. It's in the note in the tablet. But pretty much is done with reading the book and thinking in my head.
### 3. If not, what I did to make amends + re-evaluation till I do.
Some syntatic features were new. I took notes in another file in the directory. I'll find the fundamental questions of them unless they are just exceptional cases after reviewing what I already know.
