<!-- 
For syntax, I'll organize it in a way that accords with actual need in a text file. 
For the others, I will find the root problem and solving ideas of each concept and try to formalize the ideas into the concepts. 
I'll try to explain before reading if I have already heard about it. If all I explained is contained in the way I imagined, I will skip that topic. 
If not, I will make a thought process that can naturally induce the information and memorize the process with mnemonic techniques.
-->

# Concrete Goals and Evaluation Criteria
<!-- 
1. Make it fun.
2. Make it specific, measurable, provable.
3. Make it last.
-->
The goal today is to check what I know already are correct. The target chapters are from 5(reference data type) to 12(abstract class and interface), excluding 8(package and import) as I don't know it well.
### 1. Explain the chapters 5-12(\8) using the table of contents.
I can't think of a quantative way to evaluate the explanations. So I chose these criteria instead:
1. Present fundamental question(s) that could lead to explaining the entire subsection(e.g. 5.1) or subsubsection(e.g. 5.1.1).
2. If there are things in the book that I didn't mention, explain why it is not necessary or come up with a new retrieval strategy that contains them.

# Archiving Template
<!-- The main points are not to cheat myself that I understood when I actually didn't, and review my thought process. So try to include at least these: -->
### 1. The approaches/strategies I used and why
Ch5. I thought the abstract model of the data was the key to the data types. So I focused on how to declare/define and assign values, what operations could be done(iteration, indexing, and sorts).
### 2. The proof that I reached the goal
Ch5. It's in the note.
### 3. If not, what I did to make amends + re-evaluation till I do.
Ch5. I didn't explain the memory representation in low-level. I will study how data including class and object are represented in memory first next time. It seems important to understand how JVM manages memory and representations of data in memory seem to be necessary to understand it. Main point is that it does not naturally occur in context of using array, rather it occurs in terms of memory management.
Also, there were some syntatic information I didn't know so I added that to the text file.
